Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- ♪♪ Happy to be around ♪
♪ Happy to say I'm here ♪
(firefighter siren)
♪ It's Christmas
It's Christmas ♪
♪ It's Christmas ♪
- (back vocals): ♪ Christmas ♪
- ♪ Happy to fly the skies ♪
♪ Happy to see the world ♪
♪ It's Christmas ♪
- (back vocals): ♪ Christmas ♪
- ♪ It is Christmas
It's Christmas ♪
- Thank you!
♪ When you're seeing
the world. jumpin' high ♪
♪ Tryin' to reach the stars ♪
♪ It's Christmas ♪
- (back vocals): "Christmas ♪
- ♪ It is Christmas ♪
♪ It's Christmas ♪
- (back vocals):
♪ Christmas ♪
- ♪ Happy to be around ♪
♪ Happy to say I'm here ♪
♪ It's Christmas ♪
- We got it!
- We got
the India job?
- I just got
the call.
We're about to build the most
fabulous boutique hotel
that Mumbai
as ever seen.
- Yeah. baby!
Nice job!
- Why. thank you.
thank you!
Ha. And here is
your model back.
- Ha! Thank you!
I told you. bringing this would
make all the difference.
- Well. I think the schematic
would have been fine
on their own.
Nobody really uses
models anymore.
- Looking at a design on
a computer is not the same thing
as feeling it in your hands.
A model conveys a sense
of depth. of texture.
of dimension.
You know how I feel
about this. Alex.
- I do. I do.
Which is why I lovingly
sat on the plane
with this in my lap
for twenty hours.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Oh! I also brought you a little
something back from Mumbai.
- How thoughtful of you.
- I can't have my partner
not having a souvenir
from my most
exotic location.
And it's all handmade.
- Ha!
It's beautiful!
I love it!
Thank you!
- You're welcome.
- Can you do lunch?
- You know
I would love to.
but I'm super
pressed for time.
I leave again
in a few hours.
- That's right. Christmas
in Switzerland this year!
You jet-setter!
- Ha! I am
so exited!
I can't wait
to see my family
and spend the holidays
with them.
- I still can't believe
your mum decided
to purchase an inn there.
What even possessed her?
- Well. you know. her parents
grew up in Switzerland.
so she still got a lot
of family there.
and I think
after my dad died.
she was looking to reconnect
with her roots.
- She's inspiring.
- She always says never too late
to start a new adventure.
- Haha! I can see
where you get it from!
So. when's the big
grand opening of the inn?
- Ha! It's gonna be
on New Year's Day.
My mum said
she wanted to have
the perfect family Christmas
before the grand
opening. so...
Well. have a wonderful
Christmas!
- You too.
Have such a great trip!
- I will.
Alright! I will see you
when I get back.
- Have a safe flight!
(♪♪♪)
(train siren)
- Louis. have you thought
about the Swiss canapés?
We need fresh salmon.
- Hmm. mum.
- Salmon. rucola. cucumber...
- Ha! Mum.
- Yes. what is it?
- Ha! Did you
talk to Alex?
- About what?
- About Beth and Jesse.
- Ha! They need
to mend fences.
They've been best friends
since they were two.
- I know. but it's
not that simple.
Alex's best friend is now
in a relationship with her ex.
- I understand that.
but I need to help them mend.
and bringing them together
is a good start.
- Okay. If you think
that's a good idea.
- Trust your mother.
Louis. did you hear what
I said about the canapés?
(radio from plane)
(♪♪♪)
- Hum!
Danke.
Ha!
(♪♪♪)
(inaudible)
- Ha! You're here!
- Hahaha!
- Andy. Alex is here!
Get over here. you!
- Ha!
- Oh! I missed you!
- I missed you too. mum!
Good to see you!
- Hey. sis!
Long time no see!
- Hey! Andy. how are you?
Hi. Linds!
Good to see you!
Oh. my Noah!
You're so big!
- Hey. aunt Alex.
- Hey. buddy!
Wow. mum!
Ha! Look at this!
This is incredible!
- You think so? Ha!
It's hard to believe
it's really happening.
- Oh! Mum.
it's beautiful.
I'm so proud of you.
- Thank you.
sweetheart.
- You want me to show
you your room?
- Wow! Such service.
- Well. maybe
if this whole
Doctor's Without Borders
thing doesn't work out.
I can ask mum for a job.
- You know. you're always
welcome to work for me. son.
You too. Linds.
- Hum! I think
I'll stick to doctoring.
Thanks. Carol.
Haha!
- She's not very good
with customer service.
- Hey!
- Alright. come on!
- Alright. Upstairs?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Ha!
- I know. this is
going to be so fun!
(♪♪♪)
Ha!
- Willkomme. meine Damen.
- Okay. where is my brother
and what did you
do with him?
- Haha.
- Look at this place!
It's so Christmassy!
I love it!
- Yeah. mum has done a really
good job with the place.
-Yeah. How is
she doing?
I know Christmas
without dad is tough.
- She seems okay.
I think buying this inn.
renovating it.
it was really good
for her.
Yeah. At least.
it keeps her busy.
- That and the thousands of
cousins she apparently has here.
- Hahaha.
- Thanks for coming.
- Of course! Of course!
There's no way I'd miss
Christmas with all you guys.
-Yeah. It'll be nice to spend
the holidays together
as a family.
- Yeah. it will be.
(yawn)
I'm sorry!
- Get some rest.
you're probably jet lagged.
- Nah! I'm fine.
- No. no. no.
take a nap.
We'll scrounge up dinner
in a few hours
and you can come down
whenever you want.
- Ha!
I don't need a nap.
I just need to. you know.
rest my eyes for a few minutes.
It'll perk me
right up.
- Whatever you say.
- Haha!
Ha! Okay.
(door closed)
Ha! I'm gonna close my eyes.
(♪♪♪)
(bells tolling)
(yawn)
What time is it?
Ha!
And I slept all night.
(yawn)
I think I'm gonna
like it here.
- Oops!
- Ha!
- Oh. my gosh. honey!
Are you okay?
- Yeah. yeah.
No. I'm fine. mum.
- You need to be
more careful!
Oh. my goodness!
Oh!
Sweetheart. this is Liam.
our general manager.
He's the one who keeps this
place from catching on fire.
and my family from going
to the hospital. Ha!
- Oh! Hi. Liam.
I'm Alex.
- Hi. Alex.
So great to meet you.
Your mum has told me
so much about you.
- Ha! Likewise.
Hum!
I heard about all
your hotel experience.
I thought you'd
be a little...
- Older.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. I get that a lot.
- Well. we were just about
to head into town
to get some more things
for Christmas
and some decorations
for the opening.
But there is a breakfast bread
in the dining room.
so why don't you help yourself
to that and a cup of coffee.
- Ha! I could really
use a cup of coffee.
- Madame!
Oh. excuse me!
- Louis.
- There's been a problem
with the wine we selected
for the opening:
it's not good!
- Ha!
- Rank! Unacceptable!
I found a new vendor.
but you and I. we must
select a new wine list.
- Ha! Well. can it wait
till this afternoon?
I need to go into town.
- I'm sorry. no.
we must order before noon
if we want the shipment to
arrive on time for the opening.
- There's always
something.
- Hum!
- Wait. would you be able
to go into town with Liam.
so I can take care of this?
- Oh! Yeah. sure.
no problem.
- Okay.
- Oh. it's fine.
I can go by myself.
- Nonsense. no! I mean.
they'll be a lot to carry
and it'll be
quicker with two.
- Yeah! Yeah.
it's totally fine.
Ha! Do you have a car?
- Actually. there are
no cars in Wengen.
- Oh. really?
How you guys get around?
- We walk. The shops are only
a few blocks from here.
- Haha!
- Ha!
Okay. then.
Lead the way.
Bye. mum.
- Yeah.
(♪♪♪)
- So. are you
from the States too?
You don't sound very Swiss.
- Actually. I was born
here in Wengen.
- Ha! No way!
- Yeah. my dad took a job
in New York when I was nine.
so I mostly grew up
around there.
- Ha! And now.
you're back here.
- Actually.
I just moved back.
I was living
in Bern.
- Ha!
- I was running
the Bern Palace Hotel.
Ever heard of it?
- Ha! Have I heard
of the most expensive hotel
in all of Europe?
Why. yes!
Yes. I have.
I mean. no offence.
but why are you here
working for my mum?
You could be running some
of the best hotels in the world.
- Your mum is
a top-notch boss.
- Haha!
- Plus. you know.
my parents are here
and pretty much
all my extended family.
So. I just wanted
to be close.
- That's nice.
(kid's voice)
- Your mum tells me
that you build hotels?
- I do. I do.
I'm an architect.
- She said you live
in Chicago.
Your mum. she talks
about you a lot.
- Haha!
Well. my apartment
is in Chicago.
but I travel so much for work.
I'm hardly ever there.
- Oh. we're here.
- Oh!
This is so charming!
- Charming? It's just a shop.
- It's charming.
Everything in Switzerland
is charming.
Haha.
So. what do you think we're
gonna need for the opening?
- Honestly?
I have no clue. I'm terrible
at this kind of thing.
- What? I thought you were in
charge of the whole operation.
- No. I'm good at financials.
making hiring decisions.
but event planning.
aesthetics. no!
No! We just don't
have the budget
for event planner.
- Well. I mean.
I'm no event planner.
but I do know a thing or two
about visuals.
So. let's see.
Ha! Here!
What about green
and gold for the main colours.
And then... Oh!
Add a few accents of red!
And. huh... ha!
Some lights for dimension.
Hmm!
- Candles?
- I like where your heads at!
Alright. throw them in there.
See. you're gonna
be just fine.
(♪♪♪)
I mean. we are gonna
need a lot of candles.
Huh! Look at these
little guys!
Those are cute!
(♪♪♪)
- So. how long are
you staying in Wengen?
- About a week.
Then I've gotta fly
back home to Chicago
to prep a pitch in Australia
a couple of weeks after that.
- That's a shame you're not
staying for the opening.
- Yeah.
- I'm sure you travel a lot.
It must be hard to have
a personal life. no?
- Well. yeah.
I'm not really looking for that
right now anyways. so...
- What about your friends
back home. though.
don't you miss
seeing them?
- Yeah. but. you know.
the nice thing about
travelling all the time is
you get to make new friends
wherever you go.
- Well. thank you again
for all your help.
I must admit. I'm a
little out of my depth
with this whole opening.
- Yeah. anytime.
Just say the word.
I'm happy to help.
- Hum.
Take that.
- Hey. you guys!
Oh! Rummikub.
- Yeah. He's kicking
my butt.
- You're not allowed
to say butt. dad.
- I'm sorry. booty.
- Well. I get
next game.
And warning. I'm good.
- Ha. I remember.
- Hey. where's Linds?
- Work emergency.
She's talking someone through
a tonsillectomy in Madagascar.
- Oh! Wow!
Quite the life
you guys lead now.
- Huh. huh!
- Hey. how are you liking
Madagascar. Noah?
- I love it! I'm in a whole
club about lemurs.
- Really? Wow. pretty cool.
- Yeah. it's quite
the adventure.
- Never too late
to start one.
- Wise words
from a wise woman.
- Hahaha.
Ha.
Andy. what does
this mean?
Your room
in Switzerland awaits.
Why would you write that?
- Ha. Beth and her mum are
coming over for Christmas.
Mum didn't tell you
yet. did she?
- No! No. mum did not tell me.
Mum!
- Huh. mum. you're...
- I think we need another
case of de Pinot noir.
- Mum. did you invite
Beth and her mum here
for Christmas?
- Of course.
I did!
Jesse has to work
over the holidays.
and you know how hard things
have been for Nadine
since the divorce.
I thought it'll be
fun for them.
- I thought we were just gonna
have a special family Christmas.
- Ha! Beth and Nadine
are family.
We used to spend every
Christmas with them.
You and Beth were inseparable.
- Yeah. well that was
a long time ago.
Things are a little
different now.
Especially now that
Beth and Jesse live together.
- Ha! Honey. things are
only different
because you're making
them different.
It's about time
you and Beth made up!
It's gonna be a wonderful
Christmas. I promise you.
- I haven't even talk
to Beth in over a year.
- Well. Christmas is a perfect
time to reconnect.
let bygones be bygones.
don't you think?
Louis. do we have
enough champagne?
Ha!
One more.
(♪♪♪)
(sigh)
(laugh)
- Oh. my God!
(screams of joy
and laughs)
(screams from outside)
- Oh. my God!
(laughs from outside)
♪♪ Chop down the spruce
and drag it home ♪
(sigh)
- Oh boy!
Here we go!
♪ I've got you gifts wrapped
in under the tree ♪♪
- Ha! Look at you!
Hi! You're so big!
- Nice!
- Thank you!
Thank you!
- This place
is amazing!
- That's delicious.
(sigh)
- Just a little bit.
- No. please.
please...
(conversation in the other room)
(sigh)
- Ah. you're up!
- Look who's here!
- Hi!
- Ha!
Ha! Sweetheart.
it's so good to see you!
It's been so long!
- I know. Nadine.
it is so good to see you!
- You know. your mum gives
me all your updates
and I'm so proud of you.
- Thank you!
How are you holding up
with everything?
- Ha! Hanging in there.
you know.
- Yeah.
- Your mum helps
it a lot.
- Yeah. well. mum's always
good for a laugh.
- Ha! She's
the best.
- Hey. Alex!
- Hey. Beth.
- Oh. okay.
- Hey.
- Nice to see you.
(♪♪♪)
- Alright. everyone!
Plenty of food
to go around. dig in!
- Alright.
- I definitely
need some coffee!
- Oh. yes. you do.
I'll get that for you.
- Thanks. mum!
- There you go.
sweetheart.
These are Louis' famous waffles.
- (Nadine): Oh!
- They are to die for.
French... Oh. oh!
- (Nadine): Les gauffres.
- Oh!
- Hum. hum!
(♪♪♪)
- Okay. look.
you guys have fun.
I really should
head back inside.
I gotta lot to do
for the opening. so...
- Don't worry.
it won't take long.
I always beat Alex
by at least a minute.
- Ha! That's fiction.
- Well. actually.
I have a call soon.
Maybe we should
play another time?
- Mum. it's tradition!
- Yeah. mum. don't ruin
this for me!
- Don't worry. Linds.
I'm gotta have this wrapped up
very shortly.
I'm watching you.
- Hey. maybe I'll win.
- You won't.
- Okay! Game on!
Ready.
set
aaaand...
go!
- Ha!
- Yeah! Haha!
- No! Ha!
(♪♪♪)
- Ha!
- Yeah!
- Hey!
- Ha!
Huh!
Alright! Ha!
- Cheater! Cheater!
- Ha!
Scarf!
There we go!
Alright!
(♪♪♪)
Ha. ha. ha!
- (Beth): No? Hahaha!
- This is the year.
- Woooooh!
- Ha?
- Hahaha!
- Thirty seconds.
- That's a new record!
- How is that even possible?!
- Oh. you snooze.
you lose!
- Nice work. mum!
- Thanks. bud!
- Ha! Let's do a rematch.
Alex was distracting me.
- That serves you right.
cold flicker!
- Yeah!
- Congrats. Linds.
you won fair and square.
- (Linds):
Thank you very much.
- So. did you have
enough fun for one day?
- I just need a little
break from everybody.
- Already?
- I was gonna
maybe sneak off
to a little coffee shop
or something.
- Why is that?
- Well. I like to go
to coffee shops
in every country
that I visit.
I feel like you can
really learn a lot
about a culture
from it's coffee.
- You know that there's
more to Switzerland
than just our
coffee. right?
- Of course. I know that.
I mean. you know...
- In fact. I can show you
around if you want.
- Really?
- Yeah. I can show
you around Switzerland.
immerse you in our culture.
Especially at Christmas.
I mean. Christmas
in Switzerland.
it's quite
unforgettable.
- Oh!
I mean. that sounds amazing.
but why would you wanna
spend your day doing that?
(sigh)
- Honestly? Because
I could use your help.
- With what?
- I'm a little
underwater
with the whole opening
of this inn.
I'm like an accountant
trying to plan a wedding.
And you. well. you seem
like you're so great
with this kind of thing.
- Oh.
Wow! You need my help
with the opening?
- Yeah.
So. what do you say?
I'll make it worth your while.
I will show you parts
of Switzerland
that the tourists.
they never get to see.
- I think that sounds
pretty great.
What exactly
are we doing?
- Well. do you have
plans for tonight?
- Not that I know of.
- You remember the park we
passed yesterday. Flühboden?
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Well. meet me there
around five PM.
- Okay.
- Oh!
And bring your nephew.
he's gonna love it.
- Sounds like a plan.
- Okay.
- I'll see you tonight.
(♪♪♪)
(hooting)
Hey!
- Hey!
So. what exactly you guys
are doing tonight?
- Honestly. I'm not really sure.
It's a surprise from Liam.
- A surprise?
That sounds cool.
Can I come?
- Oh! He just
invited us.
- Sorry. dad.
- Okay. well. it better
not be too cool.
or else I'll be mad I missed it.
- Nah! You and Linds
deserve a night off.
You know. drink some eggnog.
have some fun.
Besides. this way.
I get to spend
some quality time
with my favourite nephew.
- Yeah. dad. she wants
to spend quality time
with her favourite nephew.
- You know. you're
her only nephew. right?
- Oh! Right.
- That doesn't make it
any less true. Noah.
It doesn't make it
any less true.
- I'm just saying.
- Alright! Come on!
- Ciao!
- Bye!
(♪♪♪)
- Do you know what we're
waiting for?
- I guess we'll
have to see.
It's going
to start soon.
- Hey. Alex!
- Hey!
- Sorry we're late.
One of us gets nervous
when he meets new people.
- Haha.
No worries.
Who's this handsome little guy?
- Alex. this is
my son Kelby.
Kelby. this is
my friend Alex.
- Nice to
meet you!
- Ha! Yeah!
- Her mum owns the inn
where I work.
- Hum!
- And this is
her nephew Noah.
- Hi. Kelby.
- Hi.
(acclamations)
(exclamations)
- Oh. wow!
- Yeah!
(♪♪♪)
- Oh! Okay. so who are
these guys?
- That is Samichlaus.
It's like our
version of Santa.
In Swiss tradition.
his arrival marks
the beginning of
the Christmas season.
Well. it was actually
supposed to happen last week.
but Santa Claus. well. he had
an emergency appendectomy.
- Oh! Yikes!
- Ho! ho! ho!
- And who's the
scary-looking guy?
- Oh! That is Schmutzli!
Santa's sinister sidekick!
He's like the Swiss equivalent
of getting coal
in your stocking.
- Huhuh.
- But instead
of coal.
he just chases you around
with a broom stick
and knocks you
on the head!
Obviously. we don't...
we don't do that anymore.
- Boop. boop!
- Oh!
Well. that's a good thing. Haha!
- Samichlaus!
(Samichlaus speaks in German.)
- Thanks.
- Wow! Awesome!
- You guys can go
wherever you want.
- Let's go!
- Can I pet the donkey?
- So. I didn't know
you had a son.
Is your wife here too?
- Ha! I'm not married.
I mean I was.
but my wife. she passed away
two years ago.
- Oh! Sorry to hear that.
- It's actually
the main reason
that we moved back
here to Wengen.
After my wife
she passed.
I don't know. it just...
it rocked Kelby's world so hard.
Both of ours.
It's just. uh...
I want him to be
with his family.
find some sort
of stability.
- Yeah. Yeah. it makes sense.
Oh. here comes
Samichalus!
- Huhuh.
Oh!
- Oh. oh! Oh!
Thank you so much!
- Danke.
- It looks delicious.
(screams from Schmutzli
and the kids)
I'm gonna go get Noah.
I'll be right back.
- Okay.
- Noah!
- Be careful!
(screams)
- Seriously. how do I
make him stop?!
- You can't.
- (Alex): Wooo!
Wooo! Wooo!
Go for the kids.
not me!
- Watch out for Schmutzli!
(♪♪♪)
- Eins. zweiz. drei. eh?
I'm working on my German.
- That's very good.
- What did you
just play?
- Haha! Oh. that was
so much fun!
So close!
Alright!
Hey. guys!
- Hey!
- Hey.
- Let's get
all this off.
There we go!
Hat!
- Thank you.
Mum. dad. look!
- Haha! Wow!
- Wow!
- I met Samiclaus
and Schmutzli.
and there was a donkey
with treats!
And Schmutzli said he was
gonna hit me with his broom!
- Well. excuse me?
- Don't worry. they don't
actually do that anymore.
- Oh!
- Oh. I didn't mean
to interrupt your game.
- You're not. You should join.
we just started.
- Uh. not... You know.
Rummikub is not really my thing.
- What? I thought you said
you were really good at it.
- Right. Yeah.
Thanks for that.
Andy.
- That my place.
I gotta go put this guy
to bed anyways.
- Mum. I don't
want to.
- No. no. no.
come on. come one!
It's way past
your bedtime.
- Let's go.
- Sorry. buddy. I didn't mean
to keep you out too late.
- Sorry.
- Good night.
- Why don't you
grab a seat.
- Okay.
So. where's mum
and Nadine?
- Oh. they're around
here somewhere.
- Drinking mulled wine.
reminiscing about old times.
-You get those two together.
they're like two
giggling schoolgirls.
- It's sweet. they've
been best friends
since they were kids.
It's nice they still
have each other.
- Yeah.
So. whose turn is it?
- Oh. uh. it's mine.
- Ha!
Hmm.
- What do you think?
- I think your plan
might be working.
- Oh. I hope so.
I don't see them
talking much.
- It's a start.
You know. I never thought
putting Beth and Alex
in a room together would work.
but I give you credit
for pushing it.
- I just hope
that's all it takes.
- Ha.
Ha.
(ringing)
- Hey. partner!
- Hey. world traveller!
I Just wanted to catch you
before it got too late
over there.
- Oh! It's fine.
I'm up late
and I'm still adjusting
to the time anyway.
How are things going
at the mothership?
- Well. actually. an interesting
opportunity just came up.
- Oh! Really? Do tell.
- How would you feel
about pitching
for a fishing lodge in Argentina
right after Christmas?
- Of course!
I'd love to!
Well. are you sure you don't
wanna take it. though?
I know. you know. you've been
wanting to go somewhere warm.
- Nah. you take it.
I know you've always wanted
to go to Argentina.
Besides. I have plenty
to catch up on here.
Have fun!
- Oh! Thank you. Maya.
- So. I'll send you
the preliminary schematic
I came up with.
Oh! And I’m mailing you
some model-making materials.
I wasn’t sure if they sold
that kind of stuff up there.
- It'll be fine.
the schematics are all I need.
- Alex. you know
how I feel about models.
- Yes. I know.
I know: texture.
depth. yadi yada.
Okay. fine. I'll build it.
- Good. cause I had them
sent express
and you should be getting
them in two days.
- Of course you did!
Alright!
Thank you. Maya!
Have a good Christmas. okay?
- Yes. merry Christmas
to you. Bye!
- Bye!
(♪♪♪)
Ha.
Well. hello there!
- Hi. Alex.
Guten morgen.
- Guten morgen
to you too.
So. all this is
for the opening?
- Yeah.
I thought maybe we could
do it outside. you know.
That way we could do
some activities for the kids.
We wouldn't have to worry
about space.
- Oh. yeah!
That is an excellent idea.
See. you know what you're doing.
you don't need my help.
- Actually. I could
use your help
for the pastry tasting
for the party.
Honestly. I could
do it myself.
but I'm not very discerning
when it comes to bread.
- Oh! Well. I will never
say no to food.
- Well. that is great
because Louis has baked us
quite the spread.
- Fantastic.
(♪♪♪)
- Mmm! Mmm. mmm. mmm!
Oh. my goodness!
This is delicious.
What is this?
- It's a Baumstriezel.
Chimney cake.
- Huhuh.
- It's my
specialty.
- Oh! Well. I will just
be taking all of these
for myself then.
thank you!
- You gotta try
this pain d’épice.
- Oh!
Aw!
Louis. you are a genius.
- Oh! A genius. genius.
I don't know!
Gifted perhaps.
but a genius...
Maybe!
- He's amazing!
- You know. here at the
Christmas market in Wengen.
we have tons of delicious food
just like this.
- Oh! A Christmas market!
Like the one in Chicago.
- Well. actually they take
their cues from us.
Here you can experience
the real thing.
You... You wanna
go tonight?
It's at the same park
we were the other night.
Or you had too much
Swiss culture for one day?
- Well. if you are referring
to the delicious cake
that I've been eating
for breakfast.
I don't think I could ever
have enough Swiss culture!
- Good.
- Hey. what are
you guys doing?
Oh. is that panettone?
Oh! Mum used to make this.
Don't mind if I do.
Hmm! Hmm! It is amazing!
- Hey! Hey. hey. hey!
We're taste testing here.
- That's what I'm doing.
tasting and testing.
- Huh!
- And you.
my good sir.
that passed with
flying colours.
Bravo!
- Merci.
- We were just talking about
going to the Christmas market.
- Ha. That would
be totally fun.
Yeah. I would
totally come!
- Yeah. well. we didn't
really invite you. so...
- Oh! The more the merrier.
Everybody should come.
- Yeah! Hey. mum!
- Huh?
- Alex and Liam invited us
to the Christmas market.
You should come.
- Oh. that is a great idea!
And I'm sure Nadine and Beth
would love to join us.
- You know. it wasn't really
going to be a group thing.
- Oh. is this
lebkuchen? Ha!
Oh. it's so good!
(laughs)
Oh. this is gonna be
so much fun!
I have not been to
the Christmas market
since I was a little girl.
You guys are gonna love it.
I'm so glad we're all
doing this together.
- Ha.
- This was such
a great idea. Alex.
- Yeah. very sweet of you
to organise all this.
- Oh. yeah.
Well. it's gonna be
so much fun. Thanks.
(♪♪♪)
(Christmas music)
- Wow! This place is magical.
It's like a storybook.
- It's just
our way of life.
- Well. it's
a pretty good one.
- Can I get some
chestnuts. Dad?
- Sure you can.
Listen. I want you
to share with Noah. okay?
- Okay.
You go. go. go.
- I'll try some of this.
- Noah!
- Hey!
- Let's go get
some chestnuts.
- Okay.
- Let's go
- Hum!
- Oh! Come and have a look!
Ha! Oh. can we see
that one. please?
Look. it's a Schmutzli candle.
- Oh!
- Yes!
Thank you!
- Ha!
- Isn't that lovely?
- Wow! It's
beautiful!
- Danke schoen.
- Hey. Alex?
- I'll be right there.
- Hi. The guy at the booth gave
me an extra. you want it?
It's called Glühwein.
Spicy Christmas wine.
- Nah. I'm good. thanks.
- Are you sure?
It's just gonna go to waste.
- Okay. sure. why not?
Thanks.
- Hey. what is this?!
(♪♪♪)
- It's candle making.
You wanna try?
- We can make
our own candles?
We have to!
Do you remember how much we used
to love Christmas crafts?
- Yeah. Yeah. I do.
- How does
it works?
- Well. first you choose a wick
and then you dip it in the wax.
Pretty simple.
- But there are so many colours.
Alex. red. your favourite.
- Yeah. you can
mix and match.
Just make sure you dip
the candle in the cold water
to cool enough before
you put the next layer.
- What do you do with all
the candles when you're done?
- Well. most people here use
them for their Advent calendars.
You put four candles in a wreath
and light one every Sunday
until Christmas.
- Oh. we should buy
a wreath here!
Do you remember we used to make
Advent calendars out of felt?
- Yeah. till Andy started
using them as dart boards.
- Oh. that's right!
He really messed up
the chocolates inside.
- You know. Andy was
so annoying.
- Hey.
I heard that.
- Oh. good!
Then. I don't have
to say it again.
- Oh. come on.
you guys loved
my high jinks when we were kids.
- Ha. Sure we did
- Not exactly.
- Okay. fine. they like
the attention.
- Oh!
- Hmm! Did we?
- Oh. whatever.
you're dripping.
- Oh. ha!
Hot. hot! Ow! Hahaha!
Thank you.
I blame you.
Hahaha!
Let's stick with
the Christmas wine.
(♪♪♪)
- Did you have
a good time. Noah?
- Oh! So pretty!
- Kelby. Ha!
Alright! Well. I better
take this guy home
before I gotta
carry him home.
- Yeah.
Thanks for taking us all
out to the market tonight.
It was really fun.
I think everyone
enjoyed themselves.
It's nice to see my mum
having some fun.
The last couple of years
have been
really hard since
my dad died. so...
- I can relate.
- Hum.
- I had a lot
of fun tonight too.
Here's your candle.
Maybe you wanna put
on your wreath.
- You're sure you don't
wanna come and do that?
- No. you should do it.
I'm gonna take this guy home!
- Haha! Alright.
Good night
- Bye.
Okay. here we gooo!
(Kelby laughing)
- Good night. Kelby!
- So. let's see. we've had
two Sundays
so far. right?
- That's right.
And then tomorrow.
we get to light
the third candle.
Then. just eight days
till Christmas.
- Wow!
- Yeah!
- Thanks. mum!
It's good.
- Ha!
(phone ringing)
- (Nadine): It's a
beautiful tradition.
- Ha. Sorry. it's Jesse.
Hey! How is it going?
- It's good.
Sorry I didn't call sooner.
- I get it. you're busy.
We miss you. You should see
this place. it's amazing.
- Sorry I'm gonna miss it.
I can't believe
the trial's going
all the way through
the holidays.
- Can't you take some days off?
The hours you put in...
It feels like you should
have a lot.
- Yeah. sorry. it doesn't
work like that.
I gotta do what I'm told.
- Okay. I get it.
I love you.
- I love you too.
I'll try to Facetime
on Christmas Day. okay?
- Sounds good. Bye!
- Okay. bye.
- Doesn't it look pretty?
That's so pretty!
(snowblower)
(♪♪♪)
- Just wait till you see
what he has for tomorrow.
- Hey!
Morning. Liam.
- Morning.
- Hey. Alex!
- Hi. honey.
Hey. we were thinking of doing
a girl ski day today.
Just the four of us.
like old times.
What do you say?
- You know. honestly.
I'm a little tired
from last night.
- Come on.
it'll be fun.
Do you remember when we used
to ditch them on the mountain
because they were so slow
and they called ski patrol on us
because they thought
we were missing?
- Ha. no. no. no!
We called ski patrol on you
to teach you a lesson
about ditching your mums.
not because we thought
that you were missing.
- Exactly.
- Hahaha!
- There's a rental place
right down the street.
We could even do
a half-day.
so you can have a nice
lazy morning if you want.
What do you say?
I mean. it'll be so much fun.
there's no reason to say no!
- That is great!
- I just don't wanna go. Okay?
(♪♪♪)
Uh. I'm sorry.
I'm just a little stressed
with everything there is
to do for the opening.
so maybe another day.
- Yeah. sure. sounds good.
Anything we can do to help?
- No. I got it.
thanks.
Uh. I hope to hear
all about it later. though.
(♪♪♪)
(sigh)
Hey.
- Everything okay?
- Ha. Not really
(She sighs.)
Beth and I used to be
best friends.
I mean. since we were
born basically.
Now. the guy she lives
with. Jesse.
it's my ex-boyfriend.
- And?
- And Jesse was
my first love.
He broke my heart.
And then. like six months later.
they were dating. so...
- Oof.
- Yeah.
- Why. are you still in love
with this Jesse guy?
- No! No. definitely not.
I mean. that was ages ago.
- So. what's the problem?
- The problem is that
you don't date and steal
your best friend's ex-boyfriend.
- And you don't think
that you can forgive her?
- I want to. you know.
I really do.
We had so much fun
last night.
You know. I miss her.
- So. you're scared
to get close again?
(♪♪♪)
- Yeah.
Is that stupid?
- Of course not.
No. no. it's natural.
It's just... you know.
it's too bad.
A whole friendship.
all that history
down the drain
because of a guy?
- Yeah.
- Well. you know what?
Good riddance.
You know. you are travelling
all over the world now.
you're living life
to the fullest.
You are happier
than everyone. right?
- Yeah. Totally.
- Hey. what are you
doing tonight?
- Well. after my little outburst
inside. probably nothing.
- Why don't you come to
the coffee shop around six PM?
There is something
that I wanna show you.
- Ha.
Some more Swiss
Christmas culture?
- Oh. wouldn't you
like to know!
- Hahaha!
(♪♪♪)
- That's nice.
Good job.
- Thanks.
- Oh!
You guys are making
gingerbread men?
- Yeah.
- Nice.
- Haha.
- In France. we call
them roule galette.
- What do you
think of mine?
I've got raisins for the eyes.
a cinnamon drop for the mouth
and chocolate chips
for the buttons.
just like the story.
- What story. grandma?
- Ha. you don't know
the story of Roule Galette?
- Oh. sweetheart. well.
it's about a gingerbread man
who runs away from everybody
he's ever encountered
because he's afraid
of getting hurt.
- Ha. He's afraid
of getting eaten!
But one day. he places
his trust in a fox.
but the fox tricks him
and gobbles
him up!
- No!
- Yes!
- Well. it sounds like
that gingerbread man
just shouldn't
have trusted anyone.
- Oh. now that is definitely
the wrong lesson here. honey.
- Hmm. Well. I'm gonna take off.
- Where're you off to?
- I'm going out
with Liam.
- Oh. nice.
Is there something going on
between you two?
Is this a date?
- What? No!
No. it's not a date!
Why would you even ask that?
- Ha. Mother knows.
- Well. you are nosy.
But no. it's not a date. Geez!
- Okay. whatever you say.
- Alright. I'll see
you guys later.
- It's definitely a date.
- Ha! It's definitely a date.
- Whatever.
- Oh. hey!
- Hey. Alex.
You look really pretty.
- Oh. Thanks.
- I brought you a most.
- Oh! Thank you!
What is a most?
- It's kind of like a hot cider.
- Oh! Okay.
Hum! Oh. yummy!
Ha.
So. uh. what are
we waiting for?
- Oh. well we are patiently
awaiting the unveiling
of the latest Adventsfenster.
- Adventsfenster?
- Uhum.
It's a town tradition.
People here. they decorate
their windows at Christmas.
then they close the shutters
and you can't see them.
And then every night in December
leading up until Christmas.
we all gather around
a different window.
the shutters open.
the decorations are revealed.
- Oh. I love that.
So it's. it's like
a literal Advent calendar.
but with real windows.
- Exactly.
You know. displays are mostly
drawings and paper cut out.
but sometimes
people go all out.
- Ha. It's really fun.
You know. I really love
some of these Swiss traditions.
I gotta bring some of them
back to the States.
- It's just a great way
to bring the community together.
That way. you know. people don't
have to celebrate alone at home.
We can all celebrate together.
- Oh! I love that.
- Oh! It looks like
it's about to start. so...
- Oh. exciting!
(♪♪♪)
(exclamations)
Oh. it's beautiful!
Now. is the sixteen for
the sixteenth of December?
- You got it.
- Okay. Oh.
you know what?
It would be so much fun
for the inn
to do one of these
next year.
- Actually. we're doing
one this year
on the twenty-fourth.
you know.
We're the last reveal
of the season.
- Oh! Maybe I can help
with the window.
- Yeah!
That would be great
because that is still
one of the many unfinished
items on my to-do list.
- Oh!
Well. maybe Kelby
can help too.
- He would love that.
- Do you think you can maybe
take me around
to see some of the other
Adventfensters in town.
so I can get
some inspiration?
- Of course.
Follow me.
(♪♪♪)
- This one here is
one of my personal favourites.
- Oh. yeah?
- Yeah.
- Oh!
That's adorable.
- Actually. this is my house.
- Really?
- Yeah.
It's been in my family
for generations.
It was one of the first houses
built in this town.
- Ha.
I'd love to see the inside.
if that's okay.
- Of course.
(♪♪♪)
- Wow! Your house is
so adorable. Liam!
I love it.
- Thank you.
- I do have to ask. though.
where is your Christmas tree?
- Well. here in Switzerland.
we don't decorate our trees
until Christmas Eve.
Well. here it's Heiliger Abend.
- Oh! So that explains why
there's not one at the inn.
then. either.
- You know. it's actually really
fun for the kids.
We keep the trees hidden
Heiliger Abend.
then we bring it out.
We surprise them.
- Ha!
- Actually. I was planning
a big Heiliger Abend
at the inn on the twenty-fourth.
You're welcome to join.
if you want.
- Of course!
Yeah. I'd love to.
So. are you happy
you moved back here
to Wengen?
- Yeah.
You know. at first.
I was a little scared
that I might get stiffled.
I used to be a lot
like you. actually.
I travelled
all over the world.
I was running the world's
biggest hotels.
meeting VIPs.
I think I could have gone
along like that forever.
- Yeah. I'd imagine it would be
hard to maintain that lifestyle
and be a single parent.
- Yeah. But honestly.
once I learned to slow down.
I realized that I've been
keeping myself so busy.
I didn't even know
who I was anymore.
Living here.
being able to connect
with my roots.
learning about my family.
their past...
I mean. Kelby... I mean. he gets
to spend so much more time
with his grandparents.
his grosi and gropi.
He just adores them so.
- Is that where he is tonight?
- Uhum.
- And you don't feel like
you're missing out on the world
living in a small village?
- Well. I mean. the world
is still out there.
You know. I can still visit it
whenever I want.
- Yeah.
- I guess I can ask you
the same thing.
- What do you mean?
- Well. you spend all your time
running away to different
countries building these hotels
for people who are just
also running away.
You ever feel like
you're missing out?
A sense of home or community.
or roots?
- Hum. Well. sometimes.
but. I don't know. my mum lives
here in Switzerland now
and. you know. Andy
and his family are in Africa.
so...
I guess I don't really
have roots anymore.
- Have you ever considered
that it's maybe
because you never stay put
long enough to plant new ones?
- Touché!
Hahaha!
But don't you get tired
of seeing the same people
like day after day?
- Yeah. But you know.
sometimes. I get to meet
new and intriguing people.
- Hum! New intriguing people?
- Yeah. New
and intriguing
and kind-hearted.
People who love to travel
and learn about new cultures.
- Hum.
- Ha. Most?
- Yes. I'd love some.
Thanks.
(♪♪♪)
Thanks for walking me back.
- Of course.
Anytime.
- And thanks for taking me
to the Adventfester.
It was really beautiful.
I'm lucky I got
to experience it.
- Well. you know.
I care about you. so...
- You care about me?
- I do.
(♪♪♪)
Well. I guess I should
be heading back.
- Yeah.
- Kelby will be
home soon. so...
I'll see you in the morning?
- Yeah. I'll... I'll be here.
Good night!
- Hey. Alex.
- Hey.
What are you doing?
- I'm just trying to light
all three candles
since it's Sunday.
but the matches got wet
or something.
It's not working.
- I think I found a lighter
in this drawer the other day.
Do you want to...
- Yeah. Great.
- Let's see.
Ha.
There you go.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
(♪♪♪)
Nice.
- Yeah.
Look. I don't wanna
spoil the mument.
but can I just say one thing?
Something I've wanted to say
for a really long time.
- Uh. yeah.
Yeah. what?
- Jesse and I only started
dating after you two broke up.
and didn't mean for it
to happen. I swear.
I... I tried
to stop myself
from having feelings
for him. I really did.
but it just got
to the point where...
I realised I couldn't
live without him.
- Ha! Uh. Alex.
Noah was wondering
if you'd tuck him in.
- Yeah.
I'll be right there.
(♪♪♪)
- Hey! Good morning!
- Good morning.
sweetheart.
You're in a
good mood.
- Well. it's a beautiful day
outside. what can I say?
- Hum. What are you up to?
- Actually. I'm gonna go
sledding with Liam and Kelby.
- Oh. Liam!
- Stop it!
You wanna come?
- No. no. I'm just getting
to the good part of the book.
- Alright.
Mum? Nadine?
- Oh. I really wanna get
going on this puzzle.
- Sorry. Alex. but I think
my sledding days are behind me.
(Nadine laughs.)
- Uh. Beth?
- Huhum. Sorry.
- Alrighty. then!
Well. your guys' lost.
- Oh. but I can get
Louis to pack you
a couple of thermoses
of Gerstensuppe.
- Oh! That is an excellent idea.
Thanks. mum.
Alright!
Well. have fun with the puzzle
and I'll see you guys later.
- Thanks
- Bye!
- Have fun!
- Hey. Alex!
- Hey!
Uh. I'm really sorry we got
interrupted last night.
- I just need to say to you
that my absolute
worst regret in life is
that my relationship with Jesse
ruined our friendship.
You were like
a sister to me
and I miss us.
- Yeah.
Beth. I thought long and hard
about this and. uh...
I just wanna put
this behind us.
- I'm so relieved
to hear you saying that!
- I miss my best friend!
Sorry!
- No! No!
No apology needed!
Ha!
I'm so happy
to have you back!
- Yeah.
You're sure you don't
wanna come sledding?
- No.
I think it's best
that stay back.
so you can have fun
with Liam and Kelby.
- Okay. I'll see
you later.
(♪♪♪)
- Let's go! Let's go!
- Okay. just one second.
Let me just get
everything ready.
Okay. you feel ready?
- Maybe Alex should come.
- Oh! Uh. yeah. okay!
Sure!
Thanks. Kelby.
Ha. I haven't done
this in decades.
Let's see here.
Here we go.
- OK!
- Don't worry. Alex.
I've got you.
- Oh. good! Good!
I feel much safer
now. Kelby.
Ready?
- Yeah.
- Wooh!
(laugh)
Woo-hoo!
Ha! Wooh!
Haaa! Haha!
Yeah!
Hahaha! Woo-hoo!
- I'll race
you up!
- Oh. man!
I'm old and slow!
- I need you to make
a triangle like that.
- Like this?
- Like that? Okay.
(♪♪♪)
Shush!
(phone ringing)
- Hey. Alex!
Guete Abend!
- Guten Abend to you too. Maya!
Hey. are you in the office?
Go home. spend some time
with your family!
- Don't worry. I'm just here
to pick up a few things.
How is your storybook Christmas
in Switzerland going?
- Oh! I'm having the best time.
I just absolutely love it!
- Good!
- In fact. I'm having
such a good time
that I'm thinking
of extending my trip.
Plus I really wanna be here
for my mum's opening.
- What about the Agentina pitch?
- Well. could you do it?
I mean. do you mind?
I just... I really
feel like I need
to be here to help my mum
and I know you've been
itching to go some place warm.
- Of course. I'm happy to do it.
I'm just surprised.
I thought Argentina was
on top of your bucket list.
- It is. but. you know.
it'll be there next year.
- This wouldn't happen
to have anything to do
with the hot guy I noticed
in the back of your
Instagram story. would it?
- Haha. I have no idea
what you're talking about.
- Hum! Sure you don't.
- Haha!
- Enjoy your Swiss
romance. Alex.
Oh! And don't worry about
the model. I can do it.
- Ha! Thank you. Maya.
- Eat some fondue for me!
- I have and will
continue to do so.
Bye!
- Bye!
(♪♪♪)
(Christmas music)
(exclamations)
(♪♪♪)
- Hey!
- Ha!
- Yeah!
- Haha!
Ha!
- Ooh. ooh. ooh!
- Hahaha!
Ha!
(Christmas music)
(♪♪♪)
- Woo-hoo!
(laughs)
- Yeah! This was awesome!
- Hey. sweetheart.
You're off again?
- Yeah. I'm going
to Liam and Kelby's.
We're gonna work on
the Adventfenster for the inn.
- Oh! Liam. who
you're not dating?
- Liam. who's
a very nice person.
Bye. mum.
Wow!
Kelby. this is
looking great!
But why is the
tree undecorated?
- The decorations
are here.
- Ha!
Okay.
- Would you like
some more hot cider?
-Yeah. I'd love some.
- I'll heat up a new batch.
- Thanks.
Ha!
Hum!
- My mum used to love decorating
the Christmas tree.
Oh yeah?
Did you guys have any other
fun holiday traditions?
- Mum and I used to sing
"Silent Night"
every Christmas Eve.
- Oh! Do you get to sing
with your dad now?
- No. he's not really
into singing.
- Oh! It's your mum.
Ha!
Wow!
Your mum seems like she was
a really special lady.
Do you have any more
photos of her?
- No. I don't know
where they are.
- Hum!
What do you do when
you wanna remember her?
- This is my old house.
This is my room.
And the piano room.
where she used to read
stories to me.
- Uhuh.
- That's the kitchen.
where mum and I used
to eat vanilla ice cream.
- Hum!
- That's the music room.
where she used
to play piano and sing.
- Well. these are really
great drawings. Kelby.
- Thanks.
- It seems like you have
a lot of nice memories
of your mum
and your old house.
Do you have anything here
that makes you feel
closer to her?
- Not really.
I think I'm starting
to forget her.
- Here you go.
Fresh hot cider.
- Thank you.
- Aw!
- Uhum! And somebody
looks like
they're ready for bed.
- No! I can stay up.
dad. I promise.
- Well. how about
if we call your grosi
to come over
and read you some stories
while I walk Alex home?
- Yeah. grosi!
- Ha! Lucky you.
Kelby!
Story time!
Hahaha!
(♪♪♪)
- I was so moved by Kelby's
drawings of your old house.
- It's really
sweet.
- Haha.
- I'm surprised about how much
he actually remembers.
Ha!
- He seems a little worried
about forgetting his mum. now.
He said there's not a lot
of old photographs around.
- Well. I mean. we still
have them. I just...
I don't put them out anymore.
Ever since she died.
he's just been so devastated
by anything that he sees
that reminds him of her.
He just turns into
a puddle of tears.
- Well. it's been
a few years. right?
I mean. maybe enough
feelings happened
that you could start
reintroducing some memories?
(sigh)
- Maybe.
- He and his mum
used to sing
on Christmas.
right?
- Yeah. It was
their tradition.
- And he doesn't
wanna sing anymore?
- Well. we couldn't
bring the piano with us
when we moved back
from Bern
and I can't
carry it to him.
Plus the thought of him
singing alone on Christmas Eve
without his mum.
I think it would be
too hard on him.
- Ha. Maybe it's worth
a shot. you know.
It could be a nice way
for him to remember his mum.
(He sighs.)
- I just don't
wanna force it.
You know?
I really tried hard
to make his life
as pain-free as possible.
- You're a really good dad.
- Thank you.
And thank you for being
so great with him.
You know.
it really means a lot.
- Of course.
I care about you guys.
- You care about us?
- I do.
(♪♪♪)
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
everything is fine.
Hmm!
I'll see you tomorrow?
- Yeah. I'll see you tomorrow.
- Okay. Good night.
- Good night.
(dog barking)
- Jesse?
- Alex!
I'm sorry. I didn't
mean to spy on your date.
- Oh. no! Uh!
It's not a date.
He works for my mum.
What are you doing here?
I thought you had a case
that ran through the holidays?
- I did too. but the judge
had a personal emergency.
so they postponed it
to mid-January.
So. I caught
the first flight out
and here I am.
It's really great
to see you.
- Yeah!
- You too.
- Uh. sorry.
I'm just a little shocked.
I had no idea you were coming.
- Yeah. I'm not surprised.
I booked my ticket less
than twenty-four hours ago.
I barely had time
to tell Beth.
- Oh! It's... It's nice.
It's great. actually.
that you're here for Christmas.
- Yeah.
(♪♪♪)
You know. I owe
you an apology.
I didn't handle
things very well.
- What things?
- Well. the breakup. for one.
I kind of stayed together
out of habit.
I should have been
more honest with you.
- Yeah.
I appreciate that.
thank you.
But. look. I...
I own part of it too.
and it's all
for the best. right?
- Yeah.
Well. I never meant
to hurt you.
- Thank you.
But. uh...
when did Beth entered
the picture?
- Oh. that... that was
months after.
That had nothing to do
with us breaking up.
She was concerned about
how you were gonna take it.
She kept saying she didn't
wanna hurt you
and she's worried
about the whole...
- No. I know.
Beth and I talked.
We're all good.
- Good! I'm glad!
You know. Beth was telling
me how relieved she is
to have
her friend back.
- Yeah.
- She could never plan
a wedding without you.
- Uhm?
- Oh. dang! Uh!
She didn't tell you?
We're engaged.
- Hum.
No.
No. she did not
mention that.
Uh!
Uh! It must be just one more
thing that slipped her mind.
- Alex...
- No. it's fine.
Good night. Jesse.
- I'm sure
she would've.
(Christmas music)
- You're okay back there?
- Uh. yeah.
Yeah. I'm good.
- Oh. nice tree!
(sigh of relief from Andy)
- Can we decorate it now?
- Not till
later. bud.
Remember. tradition: we do it
the night of Christmas Eve.
- It's not called
Christmas Eve. dad.
it's called
Heiliger Abend.
- Right. of course.
Heiliger "Abeden".
- (Caroline): Haha.
- Mum. When were you
gonna tell me?
- What are you referring to?
- That Beth and Jesse
are getting married.
You know he's here. right?
- Yes. I saw him last night.
- Alex. don't get
so worked up. we just...
- Wait. you knew too?
Oh!
I can't believe this!
- Ha! I'll be right back.
Alex. stop!
Wait. let me
talk to you.
Look. honey. don't blow
this out of proportion!
I'm sure Beth was
gonna tell you!
- But you and Andy knew.
and you guys weren't
gonna say anything?
- It wasn't our news
to share!
I'm sorry!
- I just got to a good place
with my best friend.
but another secret. I...
- Oh. honey!
- Is Alex okay?
- Yeah. Yeah.
she's fine.
Things are just
a little bit tense
with the Christmas
preparations.
- Ha.
- That's a cool
looking wolf.
- Thanks.
(door)
- Hey.
Is. uh. everything okay?
I heard you talking
to your mum.
- Beth used to be
my best friend.
But when she started
seeing my ex...
Things are little
different now. so...
I just don't know
if I can trust her anymore.
- I hope that you guys
can repair things.
- I don't know.
- You know.
best friends.
they're pretty hard to come by.
Especially ones that you've
known for that long.
And you'll never find someone
that shares your life.
or knows your history
like she does.
It's not
my place. but...
don't lose your best friend.
Hey!
What do you say we get you
a Swiss hot chocolate?
- Sounds good.
(♪♪♪)
- The stars.
- That looks good.
- Ha.
Hey! I've got a secret
mission for you.
- A secret mission?
- Uhum.
Yeah. You wanna
hear what it is?
- Yeah!
- Alright! Well. let's go talk
about it in the other room
so we can keep it a surprise
for everyone. Alright?
- Okay. let's go.
- Okay.
let's go.
(♪♪♪)
- I would love to sing
"Silent Night" tonight!
- Yeah? Okay. well.
it's totally up to you
and I don't know
how to play the piano.
but we can play
the music on my phone?
- You think it's okay
with my dad?
- I think. as long
as you're happy.
your dad will be
happy too.
- Can you sing with me?
- Of course!
I would be honoured!
- Okay. let's do it! I only
know it in English. though.
- Ha. That's okay.
me too.
and I think you'll
be just fine.
- My dad will be so surprised!
- Yeah. I think he's gonna be
really surprised too!
And we have
a big night
of celebrating
ahead of us.
We get to unveil
our Adventfenster
and celebrate
Heiliger Abend!
- Yeah!
- Yeah! Alright!
- Hey! Can we talk?
- Uh! Yeah.
Hey. Kelby. why don't you go
and finish decorating the tree
and I'll be in there
in a minute. Okay?
And remember.
it's a secret.
- Got it.
Well. I'm just hoping
he can keep a secret
as well as you can.
- Alex! That's not it.
I wanted to tell you
as soon as you
forgave me. but...
- What?
- I just wanted to
enjoy the mument.
- Yeah.
But. look. you have
to understand how awful it was
to hear the news from Jesse
instead of from you.
- I know and I told Jesse
I wanted to be
the one to tell you.
but he just couldn't
keep it quiet.
he's such
a blabbermouth!
- Ha.
Jesse has always been
a bit of a blabbermouth
from what I recall.
- I'm sorry. from the bottom
of my heart.
- I know.
Come here.
(♪♪♪)
I am really happy
for you guys. though.
- Thank you.
- Now. let's go celebrate
some Heiliger Abend.
- Heiliger Abend!
(♪♪♪)
(exclamations and laugh)
- Merry Christmas!
- Frohe Weihnachten!
- Joyeux Noël!
- Yeah!
- Cheers!
- Joyeux Noël!
Cheers!
- Merry Christmas.
(♪♪♪)
♪♪ I don't have any wishes ♪
♪ I don't even need a tree ♪
♪ Christmas time will be
much better ♪
- Louis. come!
Come and join us!
- Oh. no. no! I have a plate
in the kitchen. thank you!
- Oh. nonsense!
You're family. come on!
- Oh! If you insist!
- I do.
- Thank you!
♪ Is you're my Christmas wish ♪
♪ Hey. ha ♪♪
- It's because of me!
- Oh! Mmm!
Remarkable!
Who is your chef?!
(laughs)
(♪♪♪)
- Hey!
- Hum?
- Do you wanna do
Kelby's song now?
I think the kids are
getting all antsy
for the presents.
- Oh! Yeah.
yeah. yeah!
That's a great idea.
Excuse me.
everyone!
I have a very important
announcement to make.
Ready? Okay!
Alright! Here. why don't you
get up on the table?
Alright. everyone.
we have a very special
guest performance tonight
of "Silent Night"
with our wonderful singer.
mister Kelby Huber.
(exclamations)
Do you wanna say anything
before you sing. Kelby?
- Yeah! This is for my mum.
- (various voices): - Oh!
- Okay. ready?
- (together):
♪♪ Silent night ♪
♪ holy night ♪
♪ All is calm ♪
♪ all is bright ♪
- (Kelby): ♪ Round yon virgin ♪
♪ mother and child ♪
- (Alex): ♪ Holy infant ♪
♪ so tender and mild ♪
- (together):
♪ Sleep in heavenly peace ♪
- Yeah!
- Great Job.
buddy!
(♪♪♪)
- Great job. buddy!
- Thanks. dad!
- So. who wants to go
hunt for presents?
- (kids): Me!
- (Louis): Me!
(♪♪♪)
- How could you?
- Wha... What do you mean?
I... I thought you'd love that.
I don't understand.
I thought everything
went great.
Kelby had a blast.
- I told that I didn't
think that he was ready.
- I understand that.
and you're a great dad.
but you can't be
so scared. you know.
- It's not for you to decide.
- Kelby is stronger
than you think.
He can handle this. okay?
- No. he can't!
He can't handle
any more loss!
And I don't want him
to get attached to someone
who's gonna one day
walk out of his life
and he's never
gonna see again!
Your job is your life!
And next month. you're gonna
be in Australia or Argentina.
or wherever it is
you're gonna go!
But you won't be here.
- I didn't mean to...
- I'm sorry. I know that you're
trying to do the right thing.
but...
but it's complicated.
- Yeah.
- I think that
I should just leave.
(♪♪♪)
(someone knocking)
- Honey. you're okay?
- Not really.
(sigh)
- Sweetheart!
I'm sorry!
Oh!
Come here!
- I just... I don't understand
why Liam's so mad at me!
Was I that out of line
for having Kelby sing?
- Of course not!
You were just trying
to help. and you did.
Kelby did great.
I think Liam is just
being protective.
But kids are so much
more resilient
than we parents
sometimes think.
Ha!
I bet this all blows
over by morning.
You and Liam are gonna be
just fine. you'll see.
- Ha. Maybe it's better
if we're not fine.
- What do you mean?
Do you not like Liam?
- No. of course. I...
I really like Liam.
I... I like him a lot.
- Then. what's the problem?
- What are the chances
that this works out?
We live half a world apart.
we have completely
different lives.
- Oh! Sweetheart.
it's early.
you don't have to make any
serious decisions right now!
- Well. maybe it's better
if I call it off
before it gets serious.
- You want to call it off
before you've even have
the chance to figure out
if you could be
something great.
- What if we are
something great?
It's only gonna make it
that much harder
when it doesn't work out.
(Caroline sighs.)
- Sweetheart. I know how hard
it is to put yourself out there
and I know how hard it is
to have your heart broken.
When your dad passed away.
my heart splintered into
a million little pieces.
but you know what?
I'd take that heartbreak
all over again
if it meant one more
minute with your dad.
Liam is an amazing man.
You are an amazing woman
and I just don't want
to see either of you
throw away your futures
because you're so stuck
on the past.
- Yeah.
- Get some sleep.
You'll feel better
in the morning.
- Okay.
(♪♪♪)
- Ha!
(birds signing)
- Hey! Merry Christmas.
- Merry Christmas.
Although. it doesn't
feel very merry.
- You gonna patch
things up with Liam?
- I don't know.
I mean. Liam's entire life
is here in Wengen.
What am I gonna do.
move here?
Give up my whole life
in Chicago.
stop travelling the world
and having adventures?
- First of all. you've only
known him for like two weeks.
So. maybe slow your roll
just a little.
- Ha! Yeah!
- And secondly. just because
you're with someone.
it doesn't mean you have
to give up having adventures.
And you never know
what the future holds.
Maybe Liam would
move to Chicago.
- Hmm!
- Or you both move
somewhere else.
Look at mum.
she moved to Switzerland.
opened this inn.
- Ha!
- Could you ever imagine
she'd do something like this?
- No. No. I did not see
this one coming.
- Hum.
It's like mum always says.
it's never too late...
- To start
a new adventure.
- Ha!
I guess it all comes down
to what you want
out of your life.
Do you wanna keep it safe
and never get hurt?
Or do you want
a life that is as full
as it can possibly be?
- Oh.
- Besides. what good
is an adventure
if you have no one
to share it with?
- Yeah.
You're right.
(Christmas music)
Hey. Liam.
- Hey. Alex.
- Merry Christmas.
- Yeah. thanks.
- We're just...
We're opening
some presents.
- I didn't wanna
interrupt.
but I just wanted
to come by.
Uh!
I just really wanted
to apologise for last night.
I'm really sorry.
I should have asked you
if it was okay
for Kelby to sing
and I really overstepped
my bounds. so...
- Alex...
- No. you are his dad.
you know.
you know him best.
And I should've
respected that.
- It's okay.
I forgive you.
- You do?
- Yeah.
In fact. I was gonna go
and apologise to you today.
I overreacted.
I'm sorry.
I'm still trying to navigate
this whole single dad thing.
- Yeah. Ha. no apology
needed. it's okay.
- By the way. you were
totally right. Ha!
Kelby was definitely
ready to sing again.
He's been talking about
last night's
performance non-stop.
- Oh! Oh. that's sweet.
- Yeah. we took out
some old photos
and we've been
reminiscing all morning.
And that's because of you.
so thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Alex. I really
care about you
and the time
that you spent here
has just been wonderful.
But Kelby. he's getting
really attached to you
and you're gonna be
leaving soon. so...
- Yeah.
I get it.
Hahaha! Hey!
- Merry Christmas. Alex!
- Merry Christmas. Kelby!
- Don't you want to come
open the presents with us?
- Oh! Well. uh.
you know.
I would love to.
but I gotta to get back
to the inn.
so maybe later.
- Okay.
- I should... should
probably go.
- Yeah. sure. okay.
- Bye. Liam.
- Bye. Alex.
(♪♪♪)
(bells)
- I just can't
believe it's over.
- You'll be okay.
Promise.
- Yeah.
It's just...
I thought he'd think
we were worth a shot.
you know?
- Yeah.
- Ha! It's gonna be really
hard to say bye to Kelby.
I'm gonna miss that little guy.
- Maybe you could do
something nice for Kelby.
give him a parting gift.
- Yeah. that's a good idea.
- His mum died. right?
Maybe something
to remember her by?
- I think I know just the thing.
Would you help me with it?
- Of course.
whatever you need!
- Okay! Great!
(♪♪♪)
- Okay! Make sure everyone
has a flute for the toast!
I've got apple cider
for the kids!
There you go.
sweetheart.
- Thank you
so much!
- Okay.
Are you gonna give
Kelby his gift now?
- Yeah. Yeah.
but I got
a few things I need
to say to Liam first.
Will you watch it
for me?
- Yeah. of course.
- Alright.
- Cheers!
- Here goes nothing.
- You got it.
(♪♪♪)
- Haha!
Hey!
- Hey.
Alex.
- Uh! I...
I just wanted to say
thank you for everything.
This Christmas has
been really magical
and maybe even a little
life changing for me.
And I really
didn't realise
all the things that I was
missing in my life
until I met you.
so thank you.
- Wow!
You're welcome.
- And I wanted
to let you know
that I'm gonna be staying in
Switzerland for a little while.
help my mum out
with the inn.
maybe put down some roots
again a little bit.
trying to figure out
who I am.
Spend more time
with the people I love.
I promise. though.
I will steer clear of you.
I'll stay out of your way.
I won't be a problem.
- So. you'll be staying
for the opening?
- Yeah! I mean. you didn't
think I'll let you
handle this alone.
did you?
No offence.
- None taken.
I don't know what
to say. I...
- Well. you don't have
to say anything.
I just didn't want it
to come as a surprise.
- Merry Christmas!
- Oh! Hey. buddy!
Merry Christmas!
Are you ready for me to give
you your present now?
- Yeah!
- Yeah?
Alright!
It's right over
there on the table.
so come on.
- What is it?
- Well...
Tam-tadada!
It's a model
of your old house.
- Really?
- Uh. uh.
I made it from my memory
of your drawings.
- There's my bedroom.
- Yeah.
Yeah. And there
is your bed
and your chairs.
And look.
even on the bookshelf.
there's some
tiny little books
like your mum used
to read to you.
- There's a kitchen!
- Yeah!
There's a kitchen and a freezer.
And in the freezer is
some vanilla ice cream.
- Her favourite.
- Uh. uh.
- And there's
a music room
with a piano.
- Where mum and I used
to sing together.
- Yeah.
And now. you can sing
anytime you want.
- Thanks. Alex. I love it.
- Ha!
You're welcome.
- I have a present for you too.
- You do?
- I didn't know
that. Kelbs.
- Noah.
come on!
- Yeah.
let's do it!
- This is amazing.
- I'm glad you like it.
(exclamations)
- It's you. me and dad.
I wanted you
to have something
to remember us by.
- Oh.
Kelby. I love it!
Ha! Thank you.
- Hey. come one.
let's look at the model!
- Wow! Ha!
(♪♪♪)
- I had no idea
he was gonna do this.
You know. I think
you were right.
- About what?
- I think there might
be something here.
I don't know what it is
or where it's gonna go.
but...
I'm willing to find out
if you are.
- I'm willing
to find out too.
(♪♪♪)
- Everyone. raise a glass!
(laughs)
Welcome to our annual
Christmas celebration.
A Wengen Chalet tradition
for over 75 years!
- (various voices): - Woo-hoo!
- Cheers!
- Hahaha!
- (in the background): Woo-hoo!
- Merry Christmas.
(♪♪♪)
- (in the background): Woo-hoo!
- (Caroline):
Now. who wants to go sledding?
- (kid): Me! Me!
- (Caroline): Ha! Wonderful!
- (Andy): Wait. nobody told me
we were going sledding.
- Well. I wanted to keep it
a surprise.
You don't need to know
everything. honey.
- Yes. I do.
I thought it was a given.
Come one.
I'll race you there!
(Kelby laughs.)
- Shall we?
- Let's go.
- Hahaha!
♪♪ Happy to be around ♪
♪ Happy to say I'm here ♪
- Go. Kelby!
♪ It's Christmas ♪
- Wooh!
♪ It's Christmas
It's Christmas ♪
- Hold on!
♪ Happy to fly the skies ♪
- Oh. my God!
- Woo-hoo!
- Not bad!
- Come on!
♪ It's Christmas
It's Christmas ♪
- Wooh!
- Ha!
♪ When you're seeing the world ♪
♪ Jumpin' high ♪
♪ Tryin' to reach the stars ♪
♪ It's Christmas
It's Christmas ♪
♪ It is Christmas ♪
♪ It's Christmas ♪
- (back vocals): ♪ Christmas ♪
♪ Happy to be around ♪♪
(♪♪♪)